Dev/xygu/20231103/drawer-flyout-depth (#906)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/controls/DrawerFlyoutPresenter.md

       BasedOn="{StaticResource DrawerFlyoutPresenterStyle}"
       TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
    <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.OpenDirection" Value="Top" />

>     <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.DrawerDepth" Value="0.66*" />

Reviewer: `DrawerLength` maybe? Would be more in line with the naming of the `GridLength` type.

I don't mind Depth but just opening the discussion on Length instead

Author: I was debating myself on this too. I guess Length is probably better, and serves a better transition from DrawerDepth (which was an existing property of double), since both properties are not 1:1.

    <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.LightDismissOverlayBackground" Value="#80808080" />
    <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.IsGestureEnabled" Value="True" />
</Style>
<!-- and/or -->
<utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter OpenDirection="Top"
                           DrawerDepth="0.66*"
                           LightDismissOverlayBackground="#80808080"
                           IsGestureEnabled="True" />
```

> > note:

Reviewer: Is this meant to show as an alert on DocFX? If so, we should set it as `[!NOTE]` on its own line, maybe here we use a WARN?

[docfx usage](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet#alerts)

> There is current a bug on windows that prevent the usage of attached property style setter. The workaround is to add the following code in your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently a bug on windows that prevents the usage of attached property style setters. The workaround is to add the following code in your application:
```

    ^ It will mention the first attached property used in the template, regardless of which attached property setter that triggered it.

    The workaround here is to define the template in the consuming assembly again.
    It doesn't matter if it is used or not.
-->
<win:Style x:Key="MUX6388_Workaround_ForDefinitionOnly" TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
    <Setter Property="Template">
        <Setter.Value>
            <ControlTemplate TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
                <!-- This is not the full template, we are just making explicit reference to these definitions below -->
                <utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter OpenDirection="{TemplateBinding utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.OpenDirection}"
                                            DrawerDepth="{TemplateBinding utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.DrawerDepth}"
                                            LightDismissOverlayBackground="{TemplateBinding utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.LightDismissOverlayBackground}"
                                            IsGestureEnabled="{TemplateBinding utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.IsGestureEnabled}" />
            </ControlTemplate>
        </Setter.Value>
    </Setter>
</win:Style>

> ```

Reviewer: We can't workaround the issue like we do in other spots like this? https://github.com/unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui/blob/51040e6f6c9791657d4cd3dd59ed5205983211e4/src/Uno.Toolkit.UI/Controls/NavigationBar/NavigationBar.xaml#L77-L78

Author: providing the default values for all 4 properties doesnt work
it is a different bug

### Properties
Property|Type|Description
-|-|-
OpenDirection|DrawerOpenDirection|Gets or sets the direction in which the drawer opens toward.<br/>note: The position of drawer when opened is the opposite of this value.

> DrawerDepth|GridLength|Get or sets the depth (width or height depending on the `OpenDirection`) of the drawer.\*

Reviewer: What's the asterisk for? I'm not seeing a footnote for it anywhere

Author: fell through the next section... :P

> DrawerDepth|GridLength|Get or sets the depth (width or height depending on the `OpenDirection`) of the drawer.\*

Reviewer: Add what the default value is

IsGestureEnabled|bool|Get or sets a value that indicates whether the user can interact with the control using gesture. The default value is `true`.

## Usage
- For DrawerDepth, this value has 3 mode based on `GridUnitType`:
    ```xml
    <Style TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
        <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.DrawerDepth" Value="Auto" />
        <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.DrawerDepth" Value="0.66*" />
        <Setter Property="utu:DrawerFlyoutPresenter.DrawerDepth" Value="150" />
    <!-- and/or -->
    <DrawerFlyoutPresenter DrawerDepth="Auto" />
    <DrawerFlyoutPresenter DrawerDepth="0.66*" />
    <DrawerFlyoutPresenter DrawerDepth="150" />
    ```
    - `GridUnitType.Auto`: Fit to flyout content.
    - `GridUnitType.Star`: At given ratio of screen/flyout width or height. Valid range is between 0* and 1*, excluding 0* itself.
    - `GridUnitType.Pixel`: Fixed at the given value.

To use this, simply use a `Flyout` with `Placement="Full"` and one of the followings as the `FlyoutPresenterStyle`:

> > note: The direction here indicates the initial position of the drawer (where it opens from). The open animation direction is the opposite.

Reviewer: Is this meant to show as an alert on DocFX? If so, we should set it as `[!NOTE]` on its own line

[docfx usage](https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/docs/markdown.html?tabs=linux%2Cdotnet#alerts)

Author: no, this is just a btw for clarification

</Button>
```
> note: Here `VisibleBoundsPadding.PaddingMask` is used to prevent the content from being placed outside of the user-interactable area on mobile devices.

### Extended Use Cases
- Rounded Corner
    ```xml
    <Flyout Placement="Full">
        <Flyout.FlyoutPresenterStyle>
            <Style BasedOn="{StaticResource BottomDrawerFlyoutPresenterStyle}" TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
                <Setter Property="CornerRadius" Value="16,16,0,0" />
            </Style>
        </Flyout.FlyoutPresenterStyle>

>         <Border toolkit:VisibleBoundsPadding.PaddingMask="All" Padding="16,16,0,0">

Reviewer: Why `toolkit:VisibleBoundsPadding` and not `utu:SafeArea`?

Author: This is the legacy & tested way. I will probably update these in another PR separate from this.

            <!-- flyout content -->
        </Border>
    </Flyout>
    ```

>     > remarks: `Padding` is used on the flyout content to avoid content being clipped.

Reviewer: [!NOTE]

Author: this is just another btw/additional commentary, dont need a `alert`` tag for it
i mean ive been using this type of thing way before the introduction of docfx

- Custom background
    ```xml
    <Flyout Placement="Full">
        <Flyout.FlyoutPresenterStyle>
            <Style BasedOn="{StaticResource BottomDrawerFlyoutPresenterStyle}" TargetType="FlyoutPresenter">
                <Setter Property="Background" Value="SkyBlue" />
            </Style>
        </Flyout.FlyoutPresenterStyle>
        <Border toolkit:VisibleBoundsPadding.PaddingMask="All" >

>         <!--<Border toolkit:VisibleBoundsPadding.PaddingMask="All" Background="SkyBlue">-->

Reviewer: Maybe remove this? Otherwise add a `<!-- DO NOT DO THIS -->` above it or something. I'm worried people are going to see it and not read the "remarks:" below

Author: yeah the DO/DONT is a good idea

            <!-- flyout content -->
        </Border>
    </Flyout>
    ```

>     > remarks: Do not set `Background` directly from the flyout content. Instead, `Background` should be set from style setter to avoid edge bleeding on certain platforms, and to avoid background being painted on the rounded corners.

Reviewer: [!WARN]
